@node systemkey-tool Invocation
@heading Invoking systemkey-tool
@pindex systemkey-tool

Program that allows handling user keys as stored in the system in a uniform way.

@anchor{systemkey-tool usage}
@subheading systemkey-tool help/usage (@option{-?})
@cindex systemkey-tool help

The text printed is the same whether selected with the @code{help} option
(@option{--help}) or the @code{more-help} option (@option{--more-help}).  @code{more-help} will print
the usage text by passing it through a pager program.
@code{more-help} is disabled on platforms without a working
@code{fork(2)} function.  The @code{PAGER} environment variable is
used to select the program, defaulting to @file{more}.  Both will exit
with a status code of 0.

@exampleindent 0
@example
systemkey-tool - GnuTLS system key tool
Usage:  systemkey-tool [ -<flag> [<val>] | --<name>[@{=| @}<val>] ]... 

None:

   -d, --debug=num            Enable debugging
				- it must be in the range:
				  0 to 9999
       --outfile=str          Output file
       --list                 Lists all stored keys
       --delete=str           Delete the key identified by the given URL
       --outder               Use DER format for output keys

Version, usage and configuration options:

   -v, --version[=arg]        output version information and exit
   -h, --help                 display extended usage information and exit
   -!, --more-help            extended usage information passed thru pager

Options are specified by doubled hyphens and their name or by a single
hyphen and the flag character.

Program that allows handling user keys as stored in the system in a uniform way.

@end example
@exampleindent 4

@subheading debug option (-d).
@anchor{systemkey-tool debug}

This is the ``enable debugging'' option.
This option takes a ArgumentType.NUMBER argument.
Specifies the debug level.
@subheading outder option.
@anchor{systemkey-tool outder}

This is the ``use der format for output keys'' option.
The output will be in DER format.
@subheading version option (-v).
@anchor{systemkey-tool version}

This is the ``output version information and exit'' option.
This option takes a ArgumentType.KEYWORD argument.
Output version of program and exit.  The default mode is `v', a simple
version.  The `c' mode will print copyright information and `n' will
print the full copyright notice.
@subheading help option (-h).
@anchor{systemkey-tool help}

This is the ``display extended usage information and exit'' option.
Display usage information and exit.
@subheading more-help option (-!).
@anchor{systemkey-tool more-help}

This is the ``extended usage information passed thru pager'' option.
Pass the extended usage information through a pager.
@anchor{systemkey-tool exit status}
@subheading systemkey-tool exit status

One of the following exit values will be returned:
@table @samp
@item 0 (EXIT_SUCCESS)
Successful program execution.
@item 1 (EXIT_FAILURE)
The operation failed or the command syntax was not valid.
@end table
@anchor{systemkey-tool See Also}
@subsubheading systemkey-tool See Also
    p11tool (1), certtool (1)
